Update basic/insertion-sort (#16)
OI-wiki/i18n: docs/basic/insertion-sort.md

> Insertion sort divides the sequence into two parts, "sorted" and "unsorted," and selects one from the "unsorted" element to insert into the correct position of the "sorted".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Insertion sort divides the sequence into two parts, "sorted" and "unsorted". Each time, it selects one from the "unsorted" elements to insert into the correct position of the "sorted" part.
```

\end{array}
$$

C++ code

```cpp
void insertion_sort(int* a, int n) {

>   // perform insertiono sort on a[1],a[2],...,a[n]

Reviewer: typo
